Allows test discovery when flake8-plugin to pytest is set to run (#5491)
microsoft/vscode-python: news/2 Fixes/5491.md

> fixes for pytest tests discovery when flake8 pytest plugin is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix pytest tests discovery for when flake8 pytest plugin is enabled.
(thanks [Mayeul d'Avezac](https://github.com/mdavezac))
```
